
[ LOGIN ISSUES ]

You must have a work account for Google that you use for the HackerRank login.

Signing In to HackerRank Account with Google for Work Login

Navigate to the HackerRank for Work Login page. The Google for work login is displayed along with the HackerRank login.

Click Continue with Google to log in to your HackerRank account.

The Choose an account page is displayed that shows all your Google for Work accounts.

Select an account that you have already used to log in to HackerRank. It must be your work account.

If you use an account that is not a work account, then an error is displayed:

Also, if the account is not valid, an error message is displayed.



[ ACCOUNT HELP ]

Ensuring the security of your account and protecting your data is critical in today's environment.


Key Practices for Keeping Your Account Secure

1. Create a Strong Password

A robust password is your first line of defense. 


2. Keep Your Account Credentials Private

Do not share your login credentials with others.


3. Set a Timeout for Inactive Sessions

Company Admins can configure a session inactivity timeout to enhance security and ensure compliance. Inactive sessions will automatically log out after the set
threshold.


4. Close Your Account After Use

Always log out of your account once your work is complete. This minimizes the risk of unauthorized access and prevents data loss. Save any changes before logging
out to ensure your progress is not lost.



[ PLAGIARISM ]

Plagiarism detection tools help maintain fairness, creating a level playing field that leads to better hiring decisions.


We encounter three types of code plagiarism: 

Use of AI tools when explicitly prohibited.

Plagiarism from other external sources like the internet.

Copying code from someone else who took the same test. 

The ML model predicts suspicious behavior and classifies candidate attempts in a test as either "High" or "Medium." This detection is especially useful for identifying the use of AI tools like ChatGPT when their usage is restricted.



[ GENERAL SUPPORT ]

Contact HackerRank Support

If you need assistance with the HackerRank for Work platform, use one of the following support options:

Submit a request: Select Support in the footer of the HackerRank for Work platform.

Email: Send an email to support@hackerrank.com.




